cuddly
now the michaela aries pumuckl
Dye hair yourself part 2 in part one
I showed how to do the stuff on
best on the hairline can apply
Now we have the finished color
result we can recognize are the
tip a bit differently than the rest
the color was like it was planned
but these little lights do not want
every time the hair after dyeing
That's why I can bleach the whole
thick with the directions or with haarkur
1 or it strokes quite thick
on it so that he also rinses the
hair color can not go like this
Calling one promised so that one
couple patrick menz on so that protects
my bright strands then during the
dye and wash hair that the
just as dark red as the other
that now really clean in the skin
camera sees the approach now
a bit darker out of that is due
of the light probably so what
from German
if I can switch on here now
but you can see that is up to the beginning
everything is uniform red the approach is
not as dark as it is now
when i see the hair sofa
cuddling
I'll tell you again how I do that
I did the hair color
So with this reflection c60 I have
mixed with 12 percent 12% h2o2
why 12 percent would do it with nine
percent go because I'm dark blue
but I like that hair faster
again the color is already losing there
the occident chooses it starts at 33
percent 6 12 percent earlier there were times
18 percent it's banned now though
normally it would come to six percent
wonderful in my hair color right
but I want that hair, the one
bit is roughened and thereby the
red color pigment also faster again
you want to lose red you should want
as gentle as possible
dye if you want to have that durable
in between you can always with
directly draw the color without h2o2
without mixing anything
but that has to refresh that again
I do not do that because I think that's nice
that the hair is the color of jan so
that's my starting position for me now
next week I'm a bit
stringy again the warning
I do not just want to say so
just the color on it and that
as well as on the pack he stands the
Resolution summarizes your hair yourself
you have to be a bit careful
get stuck in
why if you want to dye lighter and
You do not like that and you want
then it can turn darker again
happen that the hair in the dark
then turn green
that means you would have to use red before pigment
theirs just like me just like that
the tint on deleted so with
something reddish the hair first
puncture and then do it in nature
dyeing is a bit complicated then
I'm just telling you that she is not
thinks is totally easy i suppose
hair color gives it on and then becomes
that does not like that under me like that
namely the next hair color and
basic color over it will not work if
you 're darker than your hair color is
and says that has become too dark for me
It is not synonymous that the hair color
choose and then stroke
just brighter is because
Dark colored hair can not be
dye more lightly
but they would then by a
timetable for withdrawal with LIGHTENING
get brighter again that's called
dry hair wash but that is
again a thing he in barber
hands should or should be advised
So please do not just do something like that
grab from the shelf and say something
that happens when we do not
I like the next hair color
and put it over that will not work
I have been coloring with this ever since
That's why bread is just the color on it
I know that I like it
You should say but I want to too
Let's try something like this is the way over
the sounds so if you do not mission
must always be the safer than his
Hair color used on an intense tint
it says where you 2
mix with each other or in each other
So it always has to screw if two
things come together anyway
then it's a hair color that's intense
is obtained and also with a
neck out grows on a color space
or a cream without occident leaves
How to apply a hair cure and fresh
the color on the safe way
you think what do you want what you want
not please ball does not have me now
with inquiries too because i give you the
bad answer by remote diagnosis
can
then you should already have a hairdresser
seek out the advice you can
I can only say it's that simple
to dye hair yourself if you know
which hair color you would like and
if you know that you have this hair color
do not want to change fundamentally because
He can only do that with the hairdresser
Maybe I confused you now
i hope i have a bit of light in
This dark would himself have it
You see, you can do it if you want
if you just approach with a color
A spreadable even the smallest of small
Now, by the way, if you like everything
no matter which one grabs in nature tone
color and you want such a few
You can have it on it as soon as possible
have the paint applied with a
little blonding and came to full
tender stripes rain camp now has the
just paint on the front on the
Take the cap and come with it
there would only ever be one, then you have
so small lights in there but there is also
even packs of hair color where that
all in one pack is that one
So simple becomes courage
but only dye yourself carefully
if you are sure that he is the color
also want to have a hair color too
Change is not just for you
but also for the hairdresser one often
unpleasant thing because of black
blond are the hair then afterwards
So please a little bit
Be careful with something always with you
intensely tint the try themselves
again out firmly to the brush
ready go